Tessy
[Music]
I know what is up GBA
Virgili coming back with you guys with
another video if you guys are new
welcome if you guys are coming back they
have coming back I'll miss you guys
how has your baby uh-huh I got that cool
cool cool
I so today I'm gonna teach you guys
something that you got to should
probably know so in the near future when
you guys are watching my videos you guys
will know what I'm saying because I feel
like some of you guys don't know what
I'd be saying in some of my videos and
what I'm gonna be teaching you guys is
York slings 101 so says hi from New York
Brooklyn I'll object Brooklyn Harlem
because I grew up in Harlem grew up in
Brooklyn too so I drag both of them so
I'm gonna teach you guys so New York
slang so that way you guys can know what
I'll be seeing in my video songs on so
go like comment subscribe your shit and
turn on the post notification bells for
your boy because youtube doesn't want to
notify it will not be posting videos
like that's crazy problem that's a
really crazy like YouTube doesn't want
to notify you that's crazy they don't
assume you win it but that's cool I'm
gonna keep it I'm gonna keep calm and
keep humble so here we I saw the first
thing to know about the earth slang
there's your I so your is really like a
: it doesn't really mean much it just
mean like : like so funny bro your
sister or whatever
and we just say to find our brothers and
sisters basically it is not really the
meaning behind it it's just you're
psycho so you call you say you're and
then what us New Yorkers do is that we
say your back so yeah that's just a New
York tradition right there so boom
that's what you got is that ass so you
guys probably heard that ass a lot of
times and you guys don't I don't think
you guys really know what the meaning of
dead ass is I saw that ass kameen you
know question agreement or confirmation
about something so I like safe he's
talking with you I like this hey yo bro
so you're at about Nikki right yeah I
think you broke that eyes like that see
show me next where it is Thanks so I
feel like everybody says facts nowadays
I feel like everybody says say it around
the world so I mean it became a new year
it was a near thing first and then it
just spread out globally so yeah so
facts just means like anything that you
relate to or like you fill in like say
something says something real that you
could connect to like all apana pieces
is better than a piece of you just come
out say thanks like facts that I specs
I'll probably sell this in a bunch of my
videos and that word is valid all right
so what valid means is that if something
is good or like something is great
so like say oh so you so you over there
lookin baton right now so you know she
lookin good she lookin good so that's
what that means
the next word you got is brick hi so
brick doesn't actually mean the real
brick so just to get the hell Fiat heads
that doesn't mean actual break it just
means is freezing outside
like his negative 13 degrees outside and
your hands about a freeze up and you buy
the catch like what could I think it's
caused by something like that like you
got Assad and this freezing that's burnt
and then I think when it's hot I
remember boots up bacon so I don't know
if they say anymore but hot is bacon
freezing it's brick the next word you
got is mad so mad means like too much of
something like oh shit that's mad crazy
bro or like oh you mad funny like this
means too much of something or whatever
so I hope you guys get that other word
is OD from what I think it means to me
is that somebody's doing too much of
something like boom you being right now
stop playing with your being I so that's
what it means to me nice where it is
wildly so I guess I think Wilin and odn
is like in the same category so wild is
like you're doing too much of something
like Oh bro stop that shit you Island so
I guess say if you get a librarian and
you your bro screams and library and
then you gotta calm down you be like
damn bro shut up while the way now they
doing too much ways way stuff well are
they doing too much of something the
next word is snuff well I remember when
people used to be a fight in the earth I
remember
there's always that one person that said
hey I brought my snuff you I'm gonna
slap the shit out of you right
so what snuff means is that you better
you better fight somebody or like you
gotta punch somebody in their head today
you gotta be like I'm gonna snuff you
got to get in position to choking on
that yeah yeah what's up now what's up
now
yeah the next one gets grimy I know for
a fact grimy means that you're doing
something that's foul like you do some
snake stuff that you just did it yeah
basically you you doing some snake stuff
like you go and be on something somebody
back or you just took somebody's no
money or whatever like doing something
bad around to your Bros or whatever you
gotta be like damn bro you granny so
that's what that basically means hustle
New Yorkers we say it a lot cuz you
never make this like three words we put
these three words in one huge word so
there's bacon of your cheese so like you
know there's bacon and cheese let's at
that store and then you talk so the Ox
like what you mean and be like hey you
know I can I get turkey bacon
I'll get sugar baking like a cheese cuz
you know how Muslim so I'm like hey can
I get second bacon any cheese on a row I
saw yes so I get bacon he sees me start
baking like a cheese another word is dot
treat so what that means and treats
means is that
[Music]
I saw what that and treats means is that
somebody does basically have a sex where
everybody that they meet and like having
sex anywhere like people that be having
sex on the stairs and you know so yeah
that's basically the path to achieve
something that's all those words that I
know if I have anything else in mind
i'ma do a part two on it so stay tuned
for part two a New York slang that there
is one coming how much you guys know and
this video is just a quick video about
like New York sling so I could teach you
guys what to say when you go to New York
or like when you watch my videos so I
hope you guys love this video
stay stay a beaner be jolly and we got
18 more days of Christmas left so I'm
ready for Christmas coming you know give
me some Christmas stuff give me some
Christmas presents if you know fill me
get for me to you get for me to you I'll
catch up you the money you go buy for me
dance you know you give me money and so
give me money laters from so yeah I'll
see you guys in the next video
Bobby it called like come subscribers
here